1.. Building your own APIs
  why should go for api? ---> data gathering, data proccessing , service all are made into a single algorithm
        using that algorithm wec can built our desired product

rapid API---> collects and allows people to host API
there is a free and public api for developers

Monetised api: there involve lot of work in doing this due to following reason
  1. data collection
  2. algorithm/service
  3. simplified interface

internal API:
    not supported for external use
    used internally by  a individual api

REST api:
    what makes an api RESTful?
      1.uses standard HTTP method
      2. have standard data format in response with JSON or XML
      3. client and servers are different 
      4. it is stateless therefore it allows server to serve many clients and many requests
      5. resource-based  -- centered around resources uses URL/URI

2. Creating GET Routes
    Express lets to define routes using the app.get() function
    This function has two parameters. We’ll use the first parameter to define the path. --->endpoin
    Next,  a callback function as the second parameter, which defines what will do when the request is called.
        This function has two parameters:
            1. the request object (which contains details like the HTTP method, headers, and request body) and the response object (which defines the information that we want to send). 
            2. The response (res) object contains different methods of sending a response to the client, such as res.send(), res.json(), and res.render().
  

3. Creating POST, PUT, and PATCH Routes
      Express lets to define routes using the app.post/put/patch() function
  post is to insert a new data --- created a new data constant for new data and used push method to post it in route
put is to update a whole data -- can assign the replaced data with old data
patch is to update a specific data --- can assign a replaced value only for a specified fields

4. Creating the DELETE Route
    maps the id for the one which has to delete
    can use authentication for delete operation


