1. What is Node.js? 
  -understanding the runtime and advantages of node.js

  back-end : different languages are used to write backend of our webapp
              depending upon the language used can find the compatible frameworks along with it
    why to use frameworks?
        provides prebuilt components and structure to built applications without need to write a single line of code from scratch

    node: an asynchronous event-driven jvascript runtime , is designed o built scalable network applications

    why node? 
        always front end goes with html,css,javascript
        in node backend also be in js, allows to use js everywhere in webapp

    keybenefits:
          1. allows js to use across  the entire stack, share code between client and server side
          2.easy scaling of large scale applications projects
          3.fast and non-blocking
          4.huge ecosystem because of large open source modules and packages


2. Using Node.js
          versioning: after checking successful installation of node go to terminal and check
                $ node -v ---->this gives version of node and indictes successful instalation
          node REPL: real eval print loop
                is  a computer runtime environment where user inputs are read and evaluated and results are returned to the user
          initialize node: $node
        node is a js runtime and enable to run the js code in node console

3. How to Use the Native Node Modules:
            allows to leverage existing code that built into node that makes way to powerful than just doing with js
            starting toolset
          nodejs documentation to study about modules it covers
            it eliminates the js out of browser able to access files that can read and write files on the server or local computer

            CLI ---> $node jsfile.js

4. The NPM Package Manager and Installing External Node Modules
            it is a place which collects the modules which people had built for node like github
            like community tool library
            opensource
          NPM is prebundled with node so just initialize it by ---> $npm init

        there are so many modules we can use any of the modules in it by the steps given in docs

ECMA script modules:
            provides standarized way of using js  to be consistent on front and back-end
            improve in tree-shaking

        here converting type into module this enables ECMA
    can simply write out code linke this------------>  import method or object from package-name


5.  [Project] QR Code Generator
             Used the inquirer npm package to get user input.
             Used the qr-image npm package to turn the user entered URL into a QR code image.
             Created a txt file to save the user input using the native fs node module.
